Baby
You said that the injury on your body was caused by Jiang Xue
I stepped on his foot before
Apologized to him
And you're pouring hot, hot water on me?
Daddy grandma
I almost burned myself to death.
How could such a thing happen?
Nanny Jiang Xue
Brother Zhenting, listen to my explanation?
Mr. Gu, how can you hit someone?
You don't discipline your daughter
I'll teach you a lesson
This snake and scorpion heart
Woman with sore hands
You are not qualified to be Doudou's mother at all
Treasure brother
I was wrong, please forgive me.
Treasure brother Doudou Doudou
He was born after I was pregnant for October and worked hard
How could I have the heart to scald him with hot water?
He stepped on my foot that day
I'm not angry at all.
It's my hot water that didn't hold steady
I accidentally bumped into him.
That's the truth.
You're lying.
Hot water accidentally poured on Doudou
What a coincidence!
If you have anything to do with cilantro, come to me
He's just a kid.
You don't take advantage of your meaning
It's the ginger vegetable picking the shuttle baby to lie
aunt
Brother Zhenting was bewitched by him
What's more, how old is Doudou?
I think what Jiang Xue said makes sense
After all, he was his mother.
How could it be so cruel?
Auntie thank you
Be careful you stop acting
You are not Doudou's mother